### Introduction

The IG is focussed on the use of `ServiceRequest` and `Task` resources to support the process of diagnostic request and request fulfilment.  While they are all linked through a common group `Task`, each of these resources also share reference to a group identifier in `requisition` and `groupIdentifier`.

{% include img.html img="eRequestServReqTask.png" %}

`ServiceRequest`s represent the request of a single test or procedure.  In Australia, various policy, regulatory, and funding approaches means that we treat a request group as the first-class foundation of an order or request.  A `Task` group should be the focus of request discovery.  For example,

~~~
GET /Task?status=requested,cancelled&_tag=diagnostic-task-group&_revinclude=Task:part-of&_include:iterate=Task:focus&_include=Task:owner&       
        _include:iterate=ServiceRequest:subject&_include:iterate=ServiceRequest:requester&_include:iterate=PractitionerRole:practitioner&
        _include:iterate=PractitionerRole:organization&_include:iterate=ServiceRequest:copiesTo&_revinclude:iterate=Consent:data
~~~

The group `Task` is identified via the `Task._tag` value.  From the group `Task`, the  request `Task`s are picked up along with their `ServiceRequest`s.

The placer must manage the integrity of the `Task` set.  That is, the data in the group `Task`  should reflect that within the request `Task`s.  The group `Task` carries information about the whole order so an appropriate summary `Task.status` should be provided by the filler system.  Some placer systems will only reflect the group `Task` fulfilment data rather than that provided by the individual request `Task`s. 

### Profiles

<!-- ================================================ -->
<!--  use this line to include an autogenerated list of all profiles and highlight new ones using the input/data/new_stuff.yml list.  Remove it if you would like to hand generate it -->

{% include sd-list-generator.md %}
<!-- ================================================ -->

<br />

### Extensions

The following [extensions]({{site.data.fhir.path}}extensibility.html) have been defined as part of this guide. A [registry of standard extensions]({{site.data.fhir.path}}extensibility-registry.html) can be found in the FHIR specification and additional extensions may be registered on the HL7 FHIR registry at <http://hl7.org/fhir/registry>.


<!-- ================================================ -->
<!--  use this line to include an autogenerated list of all profiles and highlight new ones using the input/data/new_stuff.yml list.  Remove it if you would like to hand generate it -->

{% include ext-list-generator.md %}
<!-- ================================================ -->

<br />

<!-- {% include link-list.md %} -->

### Profile Map

The following profiles have been defined for this implementation guide.  Contained resources are indicated by a dashed outline.

{% include img.html img="eRequestResources.png" caption="Profiles used for Requesting" %}